ZBackup, a versatile deduplicating backup tool
Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Konstantin Isakov <ikm@zbackup.org> and ZBackup
contributors, see CONTRIBUTORS

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL) as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at
your option) any later version. The full text of versions 2 and 3 of
the GPL can be found respectively in the files LICENSE-GPLV2 and
LICENSE-GPLV3.

EXCEPTION: This distribution of ZBackup may be linked against OpenSSL
according to the terms of the section below entitled "OpenSSL Exception."

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General
Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.


                       _OpenSSL Exception_

0. Definitions

"ZBackup" means ZBackup software licensed under version 2 or any later
version of the GNU General Public License (collectively, "GPL"), or a
work based on such software and licensed under the GPL.

"OpenSSL" means OpenSSL toolkit software distributed by the OpenSSL
Project and licensed under the OpenSSL Licenses, or a work based on such
software and licensed under the OpenSSL Licenses.

"OpenSSL Licenses" means the OpenSSL License and Original SSLeay License
under which the OpenSSL Project distributes the OpenSSL toolkit software,
as those licenses appear in the file LICENSE-OPENSSL.

1. Exception

You have permission to copy, modify, propagate, and distribute a work
formed by combining OpenSSL with ZBackup, or a work derivative of such a
combination, even if such copying, modification, propagation, or
distribution would otherwise violate the terms of the GPL. You must
comply with the GPL in all respects for all of the code used other than
OpenSSL.

You may include this OpenSSL Exception and its grant of permissions when
you distribute ZBackup. Inclusion of this notice with such a distribution
constitutes a grant of such permission. If you do not wish to grant these
permissions, remove this section entitled "OpenSSL Exception" from your
distribution.
